---
author: k
type: gallery
featimg: wait1more.jpg
title: Blake's 21st Birthday Weekend
gallery-id: blakes21st
tags: [birthday]
category: [holiday]
---
Blake's 21st birthday was LIT! At 11:45 pm, we went to Tin Roof and waited till midnight so you could get your first drink (bourbon and coke, imagine that)! We ran into Andres and his friends and you had a beer, we hung out for about an hour before going home. While you were sleeping, I snuck your gifts onto the coffee table and put a card on your nightstand telling you where to find them. You came out and were totally shocked by how much alcohol I got you 😂 next we got your hair cut, got your new ~sideways~ license and headed to BJ's for lunch! You had your second drink and we had a really nice lunch, which included a free pizzookie. You picked monkeybread because you wanted something I would like too 😘 you're always thoughtful like that. The pizzookie wasn't enough, so we went to Baskin Robbins for free ice cream after that! We were on day 3 (?) of no wifi so we packed up your entire desktop and headed to Andrew's to play Siege and let me catch up on Riverdale. From there, we met your mom, Jim, and Brennan at Drake's for drinks and appetizers before meeting your dad at Marikkas. At Marikkas, you played darts with your dad and somehow managed to get a bullseye! 
<br> 	It was 10 o'clock before we got home and the fun really began. Ryan and Devon came over to pregame before hitting up Two Keys for Thirsty Thursday. No more "patron on ice", they just let you in! Two Keys was filled with beer pong, lots of drinking, trying to get Ryan to go in the kitchen and make you a pizza, and Ryan jumping on my foot. By the time we got home, you were so drunk that you were repeatedly telling me "Kait, I'm having a great time" in a Scottish accent. That's our new measurement for how drunk you are lmao. You also asked me to wash your bar clothes at 2:30 am because Ryan spilled a drink on you and you were afraid it would stain AND begged me to NOT make you cookies when I told you I was going to go unmake my bed 😂 yousa weirdo. PS. I tried to keep track of your drinks on your birthday, but I stopped counting after 6 at Two Keys. You drank your heart out my friend.
<br> 	The next day was more relaxed, we went to iHop for a recovery breakfast then picked Brennan up from school and took him with us to the hospital to get my limp checked out lol. We had O'Charley's before going to a Legends Game where you drank even more (imagine that!). They accidentally gave your mom a triple and you asked for the same haha. 
<br> 	The party picked back up on Saturday when you spent the day on a bourbon tour at Makers Mark with your mom before coming home to play sand volleyball at Marikkas. We went with Ryan, Nick, and Tasha. Sand volleyball was a ton of fun, we ended up joining another team and winning a bet that resulted in them buying our whole team tequila shots (your favorite!!!) After the volleyball, we decided it would be fun to go to actual bars so we ran home and changed before going out. We started at Tin Roof, then went to the Roxy and Stagger Inn (having a drink at each of course) before we had to take Nick home because he was drunk before we even started playing volleyball lmao. Once we dropped him off, we headed back downtown to McCarthy's Irish bar before the bars closed for the night. On our walk back to the car, Ryan offered you $10 if you would jump in the fountain outside the 5/3 bank. The second he asked, I told you to give me your phone because I KNEW you were going to do it. You told him you would do it, of course, but only once he put the money in my hand. I finally grabbed it from him and yelled "money secured!" but you already had your shoes off ready to jump. You immediately got in the water and as you got out yelled, "Kait, I hope you don't mind your car getting wet". You're always an adventure and you never stop surprising me. 
<br> 	Thank you for letting me spend another birthday with you, I hope your 21st was everything you ever dreamed it would be. I love you forever and look so forward to the next one❤️
<br>

{% include gallery.html %}