---
author: b
type: gallery
featimg: year3.jpg
title: Our 3rd year anniversary
gallery-id: 3year
tags: [anniversary]
category: [holiday]
---
I wrote this story before it even happened. 😘
We were celebrating our 3rd year since I somehow was able to spit out "Will you go out with me"? <br>
You probably expect it by now, but your present was in a mailbox. It was locked though until after everything was over and you knew the code. You saw the lock 2 nights before, but turns out it has nothing to do with my locker at work. 🤐 <br>
It all started when you got home from work. You got the mailbox and were excited/confused for another birthday/anniversary riddle. Im surprised you aren't over them yet. <br>
(1) When you came home from work, there was a box of chocolate covered strawberries waiting for you with the first code in it. You asked what the number was for, but turns out that also wasn't what I told you. You'll probably notice that both numbers have hearts around them when you get the card.<br>
(2)The second code was at dinner in your card, with this hint telling you where to look for the code. No I didn't actually forget to give you the card. You had to wait until the end of the date to figure out this is where the last piece of the combination is.
<b>(03-24-33)</b> <br>
I didn't want you to have to really think about this one on our anniversary, but of course thats what you ended up doing, and I knew when I thought of this that there was nothing I could do about it because you're you. 🙄<br>
Hopefully you'll say it was worth the wait. ❤️ <br>
Happy 3 years! Can't wait for the more to come.
<br>

{% include gallery.html %}
