---
author: b
type: gallery
featimg: year4.jpg
title: Our 4th year anniversary
gallery-id: 4year
tags: [anniversary]
category: [holiday]
---
This is the first story in a long time! <br>
Over the past year, I've graduated college and you have been working at Galls since you're already out of school. You've been doing better than you could've ever imagined, and I have loved watching every step of it. Meanwhile we've been living in the small 1 bedroom apartment on Larkspur. 
Towards the end of graduation I applied to a ton of places, but the places in Ohio around the Cincinnati area seemed to want me more than the local places in Lexington. I ended up taking a position in Dayton, Ohio at a place called <u>Edaptive Computing</u>. I had to start looking for apartments for us after leaving the interview to anticipate leaving Kroger and moving as soon as possible.<br><br>

After I graduated on December 20th, 2019 you and I went on a graduation trip with my mom and Jim to Las Vegas! Thats a story for another day, but when we got back I shortly moved to Dayton at our new apartment, but the most important thing was still in Lexington. I left my bed, bourbon, xbox, tv stand, pretty much everything but none of that mattered.. I was just counting the days until you came with me. You talked with Galls after I told you I got the job, and they agreed to let you go remote so that you could come to Dayton and still keep your job! We still planned to come visit eahother on the weekends, but it was difficult not having eachother through the week days to share the new stories of getting settled and exploring the new town together. It felt like the longest wait possible until February 29th, 2020 in which the most exciting chapter in our novel of a journey will begin! <br><br>

Now that the blog is caught up.. kinda, its our 4 YEAR ANNIVERSARY! You're moving up in <b>8</b> days!!
<br>I figured we have a lot more time to travel to riverbend to see people like <b><u>Sam Hunt - Southside Summer Tour</u></b> on <i>August 16th, 2020 @ 7pm</i> together! ❤️ I hope you dont mind.
<br>I hope you always know how much I love you! Your smile alone is contagious and I always love trying to think of ways to keep it going. I hope this will at least keep you smiling for another year. I can't wait for another year and the surprises it will hold! 
<br><br>
Keep smiling bean,<br>
😁 B

{% include gallery.html %}
